370 isi (#463)
pynapple-org/pynapple: doc/user_guide/03_core_methods.md

plt.show()
```

### `time_diff`

> `Ts`, `Tsd`, `TsdFrame`, `TsdTensor`, and `TsGroup` all have the method `time_diff`, which computes the time differences between subsequent timepoints. For example, if a `Ts` object contained a set of spike times, `time_diff` would compute the inter-spike interval (ISI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Ts`, `Tsd`, `TsdFrame`, `TsdTensor`, and `TsGroup` all have the method `time_diff`, which computes the time differences between subsequent timepoints. For example, if a `Ts` object contained a set of spike times, `time_diff` would compute the interspike interval (ISI).
```

This is my bad, my suggestion from before used the hyphen but in general we are not hyphenating it

> This method returns a new `Tsd` object, with values corresponding to each time difference, and time indices corresponding to the reference time point associated with each time difference. The reference time point can be adjusted by the optional `align` parameter, which can be set to  `"start"`, `"center"`, or `"end"` (the default being `"center"`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method returns a new `Tsd` object, with values being each time difference and time indices being their reference time point. The reference time point can be adjusted by the optional `align` parameter, which can be set to  `"start"`, `"center"`, or `"end"` (the default being `"center"`).
```
This is also my bad, I tend to be a little wordy. This sounds more concise (or also adjust it as you see fit)

```{code-cell} ipython3
:tags: [hide-input]
ts = nap.Ts(t=[1,5,6,12,16,18,19])
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
time_diffs = ts.time_diff(align="center")
print(time_diffs)
```
Setting `align="center"` sets the reference time point to the midpoint between the timestamps used to calculate the time difference.
Setting `align="start"` or `align="end"` sets the reference time point to the earlier or later timestamp, respectively.
```{code-cell} ipython3
:tags: [hide-input]
fig, axs = plt.subplots(3, 1, layout="constrained", figsize=(5,6))
for ax, align in zip(axs, ["center", "start", "end"]):
    time_diffs = ts.time_diff(align=align)
    ax.plot(ts.fillna(0), "|", label="ts", markersize=20, mew=3)
    ax.plot(time_diffs, "o-", label="new_tsd")
    ax.set_ylabel("Time diffs (s)")
    ax.set_title(f'ts.time_diff(align="{align}")')
    if align != "end":
        ax.set_xticks([])
    for center, time_diff in zip(time_diffs.times(), time_diffs.values):
        ax.plot([center, center], [-.25, time_diff], linestyle="--", c="black", zorder=-1)
ax.set_xlabel("Time (s)")
axs[0].legend(bbox_to_anchor=(1.05, 0.5, 0.5, 0.5))
plt.show()
```

> 

Reviewer: We also forgot a little blurb about the optional `ep` (maybe `epochs`) parameter. This is sort of inconsistently documented right now, maybe we just have something quick like "The optional parameter `epochs` can be passed to restrict where `time_diff` is calculated"
